You can see the New Japan Pro Wrestling youtube channel
New Japan pro wrestling
It is Ritter connecting pie and Kushida of Ota wards
a close up to the end 3.6 3.6 anniversary
A tournament of Shinon wrestling will be held at this Ota Ward gymnasium
It is today I in this video
The nearest station is Keikyu Kamata
And there are two Umeyashiki Station, but how to get to Ota Ward Gymnasium from there
In the video
I would like to introduce you
And there is one other partner
Major part
Ame' does it 0 really do not you wake up Mr. Kimi really skin've got to wait many times Te toilet
Did you change clothes in the bathroom ?
What am I saying I'm a superhero and teach you solo gloves with you
Yoshi Is Tsu a little smoked Waseda I'm sorry
US military Oh bad of fuels to the addition in why today today
I 'm not sorry but
And probably large Speaking of Captain New Japan
Medical association and position
4 companies
Slightly dirty a little bit
It is already gone
Yes
Well Nechotto you're not motivated or the star severity E
I do it while doing this
Do it
Is motivation all right or all right?
It is all right today how to live from the nearest station to Ota Ward gymnasium
You are told to introduce
And here is where Ota Ward gymnasium is this afternoon
What Ota, sono
I think so
A lot of toilets here
Poster
Well
It seems so that we teach ash
I know I'm going to play here
I got a new flag
Who
Go to eat Boo Boo things really what emotional day Across delicious
Yes
In That's Oh so it may be whether or not there is this path while also introduce
Shall we go or say
Oh yeah
This is Umeyashiki Station
I hope you can click here for Keikyu Kamata .
Please try by all means check so you can see the living how to videos a living way
Now cut out well before seen